Clarify why transparency definition only applies to nodes and not to links (#101)
panrg/path-properties: draft-irtf-panrg-path-properties.md

A firewall that only allows outgoing TCP connections by blocking all incoming TCP SYN packets regardless of their IP address is transparent to IP but not to TCP headers.
Finally, a NAT that actively modifies IP and TCP/UDP headers based on their content is not transparent to either IP or TCP/UDP headers.
Note that according to this definition, a node that modifies packets in accordance with the endpoints, such as a transparent HTTP proxy, as defined in {{RFC2616}}, and a node listening and reacting to implicit or explicit signals, see {{RFC8558}}, are not considered transparent.

> Transparency only applies to nodes and not to links, as a link cannot modify or perform any other action on the packet by itself. For example, if a GRE tunnel reads or modifies the content of a packet, we consider as nodes the software instance(s) adjacent to the tunnel which perform the actions, and apply the transparency definition to these nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transparency only applies to nodes and not to links, as a link cannot modify or perform any other actions on the packets by itself. For example, if the content of a packet is altered when forwarded over a Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) tunnel {{?RFC2784}}{{?RFC7676}}, this document considers as nodes the software instances that terminate the tunnel over which the actions are performed; thus, the transparency definition applies to these nodes.
```

> Transparency only applies to nodes and not to links, as a link cannot modify or perform any other actions on the packets by itself. For example, if the content of a packet is altered when forwarded over a Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) tunnel {{?RFC2784}}{{?RFC7676}}, this document considers as nodes the software instances that terminate the tunnel over which the actions are performed; thus, the transparency definition applies to these nodes.

Reviewer 2: The text looks good to me. I would suggest to add a paragraph to not have such a big wall of text:
```suggestion

  Transparency only applies to nodes and not to links, as a link cannot modify or perform any other actions on the packets by itself. For example, if the content of a packet is altered when forwarded over a Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) tunnel {{?RFC2784}}{{?RFC7676}}, this document considers as nodes the software instances that terminate the tunnel over which the actions are performed; thus, the transparency definition applies to these nodes.
```
